Hello my
I'm on Koscheev I represent the network
sports clubs sport
and today I want to tell
their training and their particular
performing a circular training this
high intensity training method
which can be applied for both
increase endurance and for drying
precisely because of its energy consumption
Circuit training is more suitable for
losing weight than gaining muscle mass
This is a great option for those who do not.
loves cardio then their
monotony here you can perform
different exercises with the same
the result is this kind of physical
loads includes work on
three muscle groups on the same day they
working out them in stages you are not only
burns extra calories but gradually
strengthen the whole body bringing it to tone
at circuit training more often performed
basic exercises for large muscle
groups at the entry level
exercise is better to perform on simulators
Circuit training can be carried out 2-3
Once a week on each of them can
change as a sequence of exercises
and consistently in the study
muscle groups are circuit training
is that the whole exercise
performed one by one through the pipes they
normal sets one circle consists of
different exercises from six to ten
usually this exercise on different parts
bodies that are performed one after another
on one approach
each exercise has a specific
number of repetitions
or performed for a certain
time lapse of each hand between
air exercises do not exist after
each lap rest 35 minutes
depending on the level of preparedness
workouts can be from 2 to 6 laps
the duration of the workout 40-60
minutes intensity of circular training
increases due to an increase in the number
reps and circles and shortening
amount of rest time between
approaches and so today we will spend
circuit training to the top
body first exercise that we will
perform this upper block thrust behind
head in this exercise worked out
the latissimus dorsi
starting position grasp the handle
wide grip roller locking knees
adjustable so that your feet were comfortable
emphasis back smooth small tilt
forward
look in front of us on the exhale bend
elbows through the side and tighten by hand
head on inhale back in
starting position at runtime
of this exercise at the lowest point of the shoulders and
elbows retracted and maximally
we collect shovels
the next exercise we will be
perform this push ups with wide
hands -up push-ups are basic
multi-part exercise when performing
which included in the chest
muscles and triceps push up technique
hair wide arms
put your foot on straight arms
do not lift your head and lower it
keep it strictly on the line
hand spine
Spread a little wider than shoulders
arm flexion in elbow joints
lower position
and then effort in the pectoral muscles squeeze
straight arms up
statically strain your pectoral muscles
only then go to
next repetition
when doing this exercise not
straighten your elbows until it stops
hold them up a little bit
tense and do not bend to
risk more pectoral muscles
push up on the dumbbell
This will lower below on
relation to guests
the following arm flexion exercise with
dumbbells standing starting position of the foot
shoulder-width dumbbell in arms down
palms are turned inward
on the exhale, start lifting the dumbbells when
forearm will be parallel to the floor
start turning the brushes out when
this does not stop the movement
try to lift the dumbbells as you can
above
I lower the dumbbells repeat the rotation of the brushes
in reverse order to do
exercise is even more effective keep
elbows still
while they are pressed to the sides of
fixed in this position and here
pushing harder
the next exercise we will be
perform this extension arm at the top
block the initial position take
inclined securely balanced
position holding straight handle
attached actros godfather bad on
exhale retaining upper arms
pointing right ahead
throughout the exercise, straighten your arms
elbows
start moving slowly bucket and on
exhale return hands to the starting position
pause at the end of each repetition
for one or two seconds to maximize
feel the muscle tension also watch out for
so that your elbows are always
fixed and pressed to the body
the next exercise we will be
perform hyperextension
when doing this exercise
long back muscles are worked out
initial position on the simulator we go to bed
so that the pelvic bones are not removed
simulator and a little written off the thigh should
be pressed to the simulator feet
we rest the roller of the arm in front of us
performing an inspiratory exercise slowly
drop down as you exhale rise
just above the floor parallel the following
exercise that we will perform this
lifting the legs sitting in this exercise
all muscles are worked through in a complex
abdominals
starting position sit on a bench leg
and to keep a weight on bit and
bent at the knees
torso tilt back 45 degrees
relation to the bench hands pay for
bench behind the back on the exhale pull up
knees of the chest without bending the legs at the knees and
raise torso to meet them after
a brief pause on the inhale slowly
return to starting position
to maximize the load on the bottom
abdominal muscles
try to lean back as far as you can
stronger
load level when doing this
exercises can be adjusted by
leg flexion
the straighter your legs will be the harder
you will perform this exercise
all the exercises of this workout
performed on 20-25 reps as
number of laps
regulated depending on the level
preparation and intensity itself
training you was me on his spit up
new meetings